Ye saw it, right?
The Qin family doesn't approve of you and Miss Qin at all
Marriage between
All you have is therapy for vegetative people
bypass
It's not medicine at all
You can't be cheap and good.
You just know some strange tricks
You deserve to marry Miss Qin too
My business is still your turn
Sister, do you really want to make this labor camp a crime?
They can't control you.
Can't our dad control you?
Our dad said he disagreed
What more do you want?
Our Qin family has been traversing Jiangnan for decades
If you are from another big family
Quarrel with the two big families
I might still agree
For Mr. Li to cure you
We will naturally have better ways to repay him.
Dad, you better take a look
This is grandpa's personal kiss.
OK
These are indeed your grandfather's notes
What's the matter with this exclusion?
Why didn't I know I brought it back? Okay, Linlin
You actually learned to fake in Lao Li
You prison
How to get in touch with Mr. Qin
Read it when you are cured
The true and false origin of this marriage contract
I can let it go.
But you want to marry Qin Yan
That's impossible.
And you know what?
My Qin family and Lei family are good friends and are about to get married
This is not something you can get involved in, Dad
I will not marry the Lei family
All right.
Don't let these words come out of your mouth again
The Lei family will also arrive in Huicheng today
Prepare to meet the Lord of Kunlun
What a joke
So as not to embarrass everyone